from the 86th floor the friggin while
broadcasting building its the Bob and
Tom show with your host bob kevoian and
Tom Griswold
featuring comedians Mike Malone and Bob
zany this is the Bob and Tom show no
there's I think it's always awkward when
you're fighting with somebody that you
then you're employing at the same time
you know I mean like you get in a fight
like the night the night before you
gotta go to work so you've never then
you've never had a waitress encounter no
no I've tried to avoid just outright
drama like that I'm not a good fighter
and also I'm always afraid there's going
to be a boyfriend around the corner or
something or the club owners never gonna
hurry back I'm already a bad tipper I
don't want to like throw on that on the
fire
it's self-aware you're very self-aware
you know you know your limitations at
some points yeah that's rare in a
community Michael Malone named like a
private eye once again on your way to
Oklahoma City's a loony bin yes comedy
club are you a single guy we have a
girlfriend we just moved in together
which is just awesome just a good idea
we said arguing in fourth person you
guys ever do that you ever get in that
argument like there's a mystery man that
lives in your apartment you know it's
gonna have some cereal this morning but
someone drank all the milk well someone
was supposed to go to the store and get
some milk Wow someone didn't leave any
money on the counter knows I'm good for
the money
well someone's gonna get hit in the
mouth wow I've never heard of the fourth
person but I didn't realize that that
person is around you say someone goes
like you don't to put the blame on them
because you love them you know you can't
say things you want to say you can't
believe you got to roll these chips up
you can't leave them open you got to
roll them up you can't leave them out
like this cuz they may be on the couch
look can someone bring me a blanket I
really like that concept though the
fourth person sorry where'd you get
those where'd you get those Kurt Rambis
what are got some new peepers sorry
there are something you're welding later
you can play at this game alone are you
showering later okay
Dean can you come in and take a picture
you look like a man little goggle II